hi mine's a sermon from David on comm
today I'm going to show you how to make
one of my favorite vegan drinks carob
and teeny milk now for this you need
simple blends out I'm using a pretty
processor but you could go ahead and use
a jump blender
we've got some let's pop some tahini so
Yummie is just basically ground sesame
seeds so I put about 2 tablespoons of
tahini it can be an acquired taste I
will say next we've got some honey I'm
using some organic forest honey
you can use anything you like I also use
a curve or a gob a next time in this
recipe I think that works quite as well
so then carob powder dark brown powder
looks like dark chocolate powder and it
is a good substitute for chocolate as
well but it's high in calcium and up
minerals without the caffeine that
chopped and that other bad things that
cook to chocolate can have raw chocolate
powder can also be used in this recipe
because raw chocolate powder has got
loads of nutrients as well so this is
also this is can also replace like the
chocolate smoothie a chocolate milkshake
is a this is a good replacement for it
so I put about two tablespoons of carob
powder
I don't really measure I just I know how
much it looks like but you should use
about two tablespoons powder some I use
cinnamon as well cinnamon I think adds a
nice flavor also if you've got high
blood sugar levels cinnamon can help
stabilize your blood sugar level so it's
a good addition to your diet in that
sense as well and I put about a teaspoon
of cinnamon in it now so that we mix and
glass uh-huh
it's about 400 mils of what's up
now let's we'll blend it delicious - he
me and caramel lovely take care
you